# PsychPhil
A Django based web-app that connects clients to therapists. This is a personal project/concept for a business.

Heroku deployment at: https://psych-phil.herokuapp.com/

An app where people seeking psychotherapy can connect to a therapist. The app has basic users (clients) who can browser therapies and contact therapists from different therapies. Furthermore, the app has users who have some special CRUD permissions (therapists): they can CRUD their own profile and can CRUD different therapy schools/theories to be joined by other therapists. Finally, there are staff members (Admins) who can accept or reject clients who apply to become therapists on the platform. Application happens through a motivation letter and an upload of a CV file. Admins have full CRUD permissions. Admins can also see if anyone contacted the platform with questions. Emails are autogenerated upon profile creation, submission of CV (application for therapist), acceptance for therapist.

NOTE: Project is ready but improvements are needed in in some functionalities (contacting speciffic therapist, for example).

Backend: Django with 5+ models with all three kinds of relationships applied; class and function based views; 
customized forms; customized user and login/register/logout functionality; public and private part for web-app; customized admin site. Integration testing applied on views with data from DB. File handling in external cloud (Cloudinary). Email notifications with Mailjet.

Frontend: made with Django templates (Bootstrap, HTML & CSS).

Experience gained with: Django, PostgreSQL, Heroku, AWS, Docker, classes and objects, class hierarchies, encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism;
iterators and generators, decorators, unit-testing, integration testing, SOLID Principles, SSR, etc.
